 It's just I know the old version so well, you know.

 Right, OK, let's go.

 

 Except we've changed the word "love" to "Christmas".

 Not really, Mike. Christmas is a time for people with someone they love in their lives.

 That's not me, Michael. When I was young and successful, I was greedy and foolish and now I'm left with no one, wrinkled and alone.

 For what?

 Ask me anything you like. I'll tell you the truth. 

 Britney Spears. No, only kidding! She was rubbish. 

 Come on, Mikey, you know as well as I do the record's crap. But...wouldn't it be great if number one this Christmas wasn't some smug teenager but an old ex-heroin addict searching for a comeback at any price?

 "Come on and let it snow." Ouch.

Yes, I saw them on the show last week. They weren't very nice about my record.

 Yeah-but very, very talented musicians.

 Yes, I have, Ant or Dec. It's a personalised felt-tip pen.

 It's brilliant. It even writes on glass. So if you've got a framed picture, like, for instance, this one… of Blue you can just write on it.

 Oh, yeah. Hiya, kids-here's an important message from your Uncle Bill:

 Very bad indeed. 'Blue are outselling me five to one 'but I'm hoping for a late surge.

 Of course I do, Michael. Do you want a preview? You old flirt.'

 Hello.

 I don't know. Either I could behave like a real rock'n'roll loser and get drunk with my fat manager...or, when I hang up, I'll be flooded by invitations to a large number of glamorous parties.

 Oh, Jesus, not that crap again.

 Hello? Elton. Of course. Of course. Send an embarrassingly big car and I'll be there.

 Well, I was there for a minute or two and then I had an epiphany.

 Erm, it... it was about Christmas.

 No. I realised that Christmas is the time to be with the people you love.

 And I realised that, as dire chance and fateful cock-up would have it, here I am, mid-fifties, and without knowing it, I've spent most of my adult life with a chubby employee. And, much as it grieves me to say it, it might be that the people I love is, in fact...you.

 Yeah.

 No, look. I'm serious here. I left Elton's where there were a hefty number of half-naked chicks with their mouths open in order to hang out with you at Christmas.

 It's a terrible, terrible mistake, chubs...but you turn out to be the fucking love of my life. And to be honest, despite all my complaining...we have had a wonderful life.

 Oh, don't be a moron. Come on, let's get pissed and watch porn.

 This one's Greta.
